pseudocode

create dictionary
create wordlist
main loop
   if input = -a
      dict = words
      words = words
      compare dict and words
      if missed words size is greater than 0
         print words in missed words. 

   if the input is -b
      first argument is crypt
         get cypher
         encrypt the message with cypher
         write that message to the console and desired file. 
      first argument is decrypt
         get cypher
         decrypt the message with cypher
         write that message to the console and desired file.

get word list
   open desired file
      for each line in that file
         add that line to the specified wordlist. 
   close the file. 


compareList
   for each word to be checked
      for each word to be checked against.
         if those words are the same
            found == true and we escape second loop 
      if found == false
         add the word to the missed word list.

Write a program that checks the spelling of all words in a file. It should read each word of a file and check whether it is contained in a word list. A word list is available on most UNIX systems (including Linux and Mac OS X) in the file /usr/share/dict/words. (If you don’t have access to a UNIX system, you can find a copy of the file on the Internet by searching for /usr/share/dict/words.) The program should print out all words that it cannot find in the word list. Follow this pseudocode:
Open the dictionary file.

Define a vector of strings called words.

For each word in the dictionary file

   Append the word to the words vector.

Open the file to be checked.

For each word in that file

   If the word is not contained in the words vector

      Print the word.


P8.7
Random monoalphabet cipher. The Caesar cipher, which shifts all letters by a fixed amount, is far too easy to crack. Here is a better idea. As the key, don’t use numbers but words. Suppose the key word is FEATHER. Then first remove duplicate letters, yielding FEATHR, and append the other letters of the alphabet in reverse order:

A sequence of letters in a unique order on a light blue background with horizontal stripes. The letters are ‘F-E-A-T-H-R-Z-Y-X-W-V-U-S-Q-P-O-M-N-L-K-J-I-C-G-O-B-V,’ displayed in a sans-serif font, with each letter separated by a hyphen.

Now encrypt the letters as follows:

 A series of 26 squares, each containing a letter from the English alphabet in uppercase, arranged in a row from A to Z on a light blue background. Below this row is another series of squares with letters arranged in a different order: F, E, A, T, H, R, Z, Y, X, M, V, U, S, O, P, R, O, N, L, M, K, J, I, G, D, C, Q, V, B. 

Write a program that encrypts or decrypts a file using this cipher. For example,

crypt -d -kFEATHER encrypt.txt output.txt

decrypts a file using the keyword FEATHER. It is an error not to supply a keyword.

-b crypt FEATHER ../res/encrypt.txt ../encryptedMessage.txt
-b decrypt FEATHER ../res/encryptedMessage.txt ../decryptedMessage.txt